[0 1; 1 0], linear

Model 1:
dangerous bushes (1).jpeg
dangerous bushes (11).jpeg
dangerous bushes (31).jpeg
dangerous bushes (51).jpeg
dangerous bushes (71).jpeg
dangerous water (1).jpeg
dangerous water (181).jpeg
dangerous water (321).jpeg
dangerous water (441).jpeg

Model 2:
dangerous bushes (102).jpeg
dangerous bushes (12).jpeg
dangerous bushes (2).jpeg
dangerous bushes (32).jpeg
dangerous bushes (72).jpeg
dangerous grass water (2).jpeg
dangerous water (182).jpeg
dangerous water (332).jpeg
dangerous water (442).jpeg
dangerous water grass (2).jpeg

Model 3:
dangerous bushes (103).jpeg
dangerous bushes (23).jpeg
dangerous bushes (3).jpeg
dangerous bushes (53).jpeg
dangerous bushes (63).jpeg
dangerous bushes (73).jpeg
dangerous grass water (3).jpeg
dangerous water (113).jpeg
dangerous water (453).jpeg

Model 4:
dangerous bushes (34).jpeg
dangerous bushes (4).jpeg
dangerous bushes (44).jpeg
dangerous bushes (54).jpeg
dangerous water (184).jpeg
dangerous water (234).jpeg
dangerous water (274).jpeg
dangerous water (54).jpeg

Model 5:
dangerous bushes (105).jpeg
dangerous bushes (15).jpeg
dangerous bushes (35).jpeg
dangerous bushes (45).jpeg
dangerous bushes (5).jpeg
dangerous bushes (55).jpeg
dangerous grass water (5).jpeg
dangerous water (235).jpeg
dangerous water (355).jpeg
dangerous water (465).jpeg
dangerous water grass (5).jpeg

Model 6:
dangerous bushes (106).jpeg
dangerous bushes (16).jpeg
dangerous bushes (66).jpeg
dangerous grass water (16).jpeg
dangerous grass water (6).jpeg
dangerous water (456).jpeg
dangerous water (506).jpeg
dangerous water bushes (16).jpeg
dangerous water grass (6).jpeg

Model 7:
dangerous bushes (17).jpeg
dangerous bushes (47).jpeg
dangerous bushes (57).jpeg
dangerous bushes (67).jpeg
dangerous bushes (7).jpeg
dangerous bushes (97).jpeg
dangerous grass water (17).jpeg
dangerous water (327).jpeg
dangerous water (437).jpeg
dangerous water (467).jpeg
dangerous water bushes (17).jpeg

Model 8:
dangerous bushes (108).jpeg
dangerous bushes (28).jpeg
dangerous bushes (48).jpeg
dangerous bushes (58).jpeg
dangerous bushes (68).jpeg
dangerous bushes (8).jpeg
dangerous grass water (18).jpeg
dangerous water (328).jpeg
dangerous water (48).jpeg
dangerous water bushes (18).jpeg

Model 9:
dangerous bushes (109).jpeg
dangerous bushes (59).jpeg
dangerous bushes (9).jpeg
dangerous bushes (99).jpeg
dangerous water (179).jpeg
dangerous water (359).jpeg
dangerous water (439).jpeg
dangerous water (459).jpeg
dangerous water (489).jpeg
dangerous water bushes (9).jpeg

Model 10:
dangerous bushes (10).jpeg
dangerous bushes (100).jpeg
dangerous bushes (20).jpeg
dangerous bushes (60).jpeg
dangerous bushes (70).jpeg
dangerous bushes grass 0.jpeg
dangerous grass bushes 0.jpeg
dangerous grass water (0).jpeg
dangerous grass water (10).jpeg
dangerous water (250).jpeg
dangerous water (440).jpeg


