[0 1702; 16 0], linear.

Model 1:
dangerous bushes (11).jpeg
dangerous bushes (51).jpeg
dangerous bushes (71).jpeg
dangerous grass water (1).jpeg
dangerous water (181).jpeg
dangerous water (321).jpeg
dangerous water grass (1).jpeg

Model 2:
dangerous bushes (2).jpeg
dangerous bushes (32).jpeg
dangerous bushes (72).jpeg
dangerous grass water (2).jpeg
dangerous water (332).jpeg
dangerous water (442).jpeg

Model 3:
dangerous bushes (103).jpeg
dangerous bushes (23).jpeg
dangerous bushes (73).jpeg
dangerous grass water (3).jpeg
dangerous water (113).jpeg
dangerous water grass (3).jpeg

Model 4:
dangerous bushes (4).jpeg
dangerous bushes (54).jpeg
dangerous water (184).jpeg
dangerous water (234).jpeg
dangerous water (464).jpeg
dangerous water (54).jpeg

Model 5:
dangerous bushes (15).jpeg
dangerous bushes (45).jpeg
dangerous bushes (5).jpeg
dangerous grass water (5).jpeg
dangerous water (235).jpeg
dangerous water (355).jpeg

Model 6:
dangerous bushes (106).jpeg
dangerous bushes (16).jpeg
dangerous grass water (16).jpeg
dangerous grass water (6).jpeg
dangerous water (506).jpeg
dangerous water grass (6).jpeg

Model 7:
dangerous bushes (17).jpeg
dangerous bushes (47).jpeg
dangerous bushes (7).jpeg
dangerous bushes (97).jpeg
dangerous grass water (17).jpeg
dangerous water (327).jpeg
dangerous water (427).jpeg
dangerous water (467).jpeg
dangerous water bushes (17).jpeg

Model 8:
dangerous bushes (8).jpeg
dangerous grass water (18).jpeg
dangerous water (328).jpeg
dangerous water (48).jpeg
dangerous water (488).jpeg
dangerous water bushes (18).jpeg

Model 9:
dangerous water (179).jpeg
dangerous water (439).jpeg
dangerous water (459).jpeg
dangerous water (489).jpeg
dangerous water bushes (9).jpeg

Model 10:
dangerous grass water (0).jpeg
dangerous grass water (10).jpeg
dangerous water (180).jpeg
dangerous water (190).jpeg
dangerous water (360).jpeg